[docs] add doc for datadogdashboard (#1441)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/datadog_dashboard.md

# Datadog Dashboards
This feature is in preview.

## Overview
The DatadogDashboard Custom Resource Definition (CRD) allows users to create [dashboards][1] using the Operator and manage them as Kubernetes resources.

## Prerequisites

- Datadog Operator v1.9+
- **[Helm][2]** for deploying the Datadog Operator
- **[`kubectl` CLI][3]** for installing a `DatadogDashboard`

Tests were performed on Kubernetes versions >= `v1.30.0`

## Adding a DatadogDashboard

> To deploy a `DatadogDashboard` with the Datadog Operator, use the [`datadog-operator` Helm chart][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a `DatadogDashboard` with the Datadog Operator, use the [`datadog-operator` Helm chart][4].
```

Reviewer: Not sure if you looked but rendering hyperlink with code and text mix looks kind of broken 
  
<img width="211" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-30 at 11 28 50 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c6d85f6-c3b0-4155-ae0b-0f8e32264647">

1. Install the [Datadog Operator][4]:

   First, add the Datadog Helm chart with

    ```shell
    helm repo add datadog https://helm.datadoghq.com
    ```

>     1. Run the following command, substituting your [Datadog API and application keys][5]:

Reviewer: [5] takes you to https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists not the API/APP keys or public doc were to find those

# Datadog Dashboards

> This feature is in preview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is in Preview.
```

## Overview

> The DatadogDashboard Custom Resource Definition (CRD) allows users to create [dashboards][1] using the Operator and manage them as Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `DatadogDashboard` Custom Resource Definition (CRD) allows users to create [dashboards][1] using the Operator and manage them as Kubernetes resources.
```

## Prerequisites

- Datadog Operator v1.9+

> - **[Helm][2]** for deploying the Datadog Operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Helm][2], to deploy the Datadog Operator
```

> - **[`kubectl` CLI][3]** for installing a `DatadogDashboard`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [`kubectl` CLI][3], to install a `DatadogDashboard`
```

> Tests were performed on Kubernetes versions >= `v1.30.0`

Reviewer 2: Is this line necessary? It seems to me like this should either be a prereq or shouldn't be mentioned.

## Adding a DatadogDashboard

To deploy a `DatadogDashboard` with the Datadog Operator, use the [`datadog-operator` Helm chart][4].

> 1. Install the [Datadog Operator][5]:
> 
>    First, add the Datadog Helm chart with
> 
>     ```shell
>     helm repo add datadog https://helm.datadoghq.com
>     ```
> 
>     1. Run the following command, substituting your [Datadog API and application keys][6]:
> 
>         ```shell
>         helm install my-datadog-operator datadog/datadog-operator --set apiKey=<DATADOG_API_KEY> --set appKey=<DATADOG_APP_KEY> --set datadogDashboard.enabled=true
>         ```
> 
>     1. Alternatively, update the [`values.yaml`][7] file of the Datadog Operator Helm chart to include your [Datadog API and application keys][6] and enable `DatadogDashboard`.
>        Then, run
> 
>         ```shell
>         helm install my-datadog-operator datadog/datadog-operator -f values.yaml
>         ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To install the [Datadog Operator][5], first add the Datadog Helm chart using the following command:
    ```shell
    helm repo add datadog https://helm.datadoghq.com
    ```
1. Choose one of the following options:
    * Run the following command, substituting your [Datadog API and application keys][6]:

        ```shell
        helm install my-datadog-operator datadog/datadog-operator --set apiKey=<DATADOG_API_KEY> --set appKey=<DATADOG_APP_KEY> --set datadogDashboard.enabled=true
        ```

    * Update the [`values.yaml`][7] file of the Datadog Operator Helm chart to include your [Datadog API and application keys][6] and enable `DatadogDashboard`, then run the following command:

        ```shell
        helm install my-datadog-operator datadog/datadog-operator -f values.yaml
        ```
```

                ],
                "type": "timeseries",
                "requests": [
                    {
                        "formulas": [
                            {
                                "formula": "query1"
                            }
                        ],
                        "queries": [
                            {
                                "name": "query1",
                                "data_source": "metrics",
                                "query": "avg:system.cpu.user{*} by {host}"
                            }
                        ],
                        "response_format": "timeseries",
                        "style": {
                            "palette": "dog_classic",
                            "order_by": "values",
                            "line_type": "solid",
                            "line_width": "normal"
                        },
                        "display_type": "line"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "layout": {
                "x": 0,
                "y": 0,
                "width": 4,
                "height": 2
            }
         }]'

> ```

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
    ```
    apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
    kind: DatadogDashboard
    metadata:
    name: example-dashboard
    spec:
    title: Test Dashboard
    layoutType: ordered
    tags:
        - "team:my_team"
    templateVariables:
        - availableValues: 
            - host1
            - host2
            - host3
        name: first
        prefix: bar-foo
    notifyList:
        - foobar@example.com
    widgets: '[{
                "id": 2639892738901474,
                "definition": {
                    "title": "",
                    "title_size": "16",
                    "title_align": "left",
                    "show_legend": true,
                    "legend_layout": "auto",
                    "legend_columns": [
                        "avg",
                        "min",
                        "max",
                        "value",
                        "sum"
                    ],
                    "type": "timeseries",
                    "requests": [
                        {
                            "formulas": [
                                {
                                    "formula": "query1"
                                }
                            ],
                            "queries": [
                                {
                                    "name": "query1",
                                    "data_source": "metrics",
                                    "query": "avg:system.cpu.user{*} by {host}"
                                }
                            ],
                            "response_format": "timeseries",
                            "style": {
                                "palette": "dog_classic",
                                "order_by": "values",
                                "line_type": "solid",
                                "line_width": "normal"
                            },
                            "display_type": "line"
                        }
                    ]
                },
                "layout": {
                    "x": 0,
                    "y": 0,
                    "width": 4,
                    "height": 2
                }
            }]'
    ```
~~~

3. Deploy the `DatadogDashboard` with the above configuration file:

    ```shell
    kubectl apply -f /path/to/your/datadog-dashboard.yaml
    ```

    This automatically creates a new dashboard in Datadog. You can find it on the [Dashboards][8] page of your Datadog account.

## Cleanup

> The following commands delete the dashboard from your Datadog account and all the Kubernetes resources created by the above instructions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following commands delete the dashboard from your Datadog account as well as all of the Kubernetes resources created by the previous instructions:
```
